hello comrades today with us
the basis of oleg slavutich and today
new review review we will have on
series set
killed than a hack at no llega la guns
of china
lion lamps well in the load drive it
even the length of the tooth is drawn
long teeth the price of this set was 24
rubles in our shop penny and
compared strapped as I talked to
by people somewhere else someone lives in
Russia they say it is very cheap
what they have there let's say the price starts
from 70 rubles at least with a figure here 24
ruble took himself a lion here but here on
the box she went over here I will show the top
the inscription was than the article 140 100 and 49
here here is drawn that behind again
long ace a bit just on the box
his face is u under and oh well let's get started
to inspect what's inside
3 we expect but not counting the hole with
inside of us expects cards and instructions
Now I will show you to start
flashcards and so here we start with this one and
currency honestly tell you without understanding
tina cards and if I understand and
addicted to cards there ninjago
spin-off here I don’t understand
what does it mean one is like a card
hero lung ace goes on defender 11
10 in short this here it goes further
rip zar card goes further jabba to
some kind of club os maximus
but here with us all the cards now
let's start reviewing the instruction such
big instruction means both here and
presented all the sets of Chinese than and
here are the figures in the boxes
here spinner in blisters
here are promo compositors who
forged by the Chinese and from oral instructions
No, she herself as usual draw instruction
on assembling figures for especially stupid here
Only an overview of all the sets that are
go further spinners
in packages and most importantly there are two kinds
spinner is completely that is oh no back
than from and stepfather cycle than a and cycles there
body is completely set only in packages
that is, with all installations and the
similar but there is just something very cycle
hero without any additions and here
the whole line set itself and with
we finished the instructions
with the box, too, we put the sides and now
set to review that
the fact that they were in this set for what
brother is we have a lion bactus on his ears
here is such a long ace here
It has something like one so it is only if
it is necessary there is no helmet type when it can
some kind of well crown usually here was
drawn st oval type crown
here you can see how in this chest and he
as if fighting with someone here on
he has a scar too
an hour past the old cache the camera does not
setting ok here
he's so are you here is a train such a dream to me and
lion badges
there will bear paws painted fingers here
here is the back
Here and here we Lenchik this precisely for with
long teeth now focused
Here is such a face
Here is the face on one side and
the other side here they are about it
sad truth i want to say shock print
a little crooked they are not completely exactly two
faces that is 10 from the back of a
this face is a little bit shifted but not here
wine and that's the weapon he is a simple
here it is
a spear
All these silvery ordinary Lithuanian
spear and stick with put on it and
cylinder blue transparent type
charged energies and I want to tell you
that u had fcew with this figure did not work
because in one hand whether you're here a
here you are in this arm with his weapon
inserted but it keeps very bad
and flies here you see it made just and she
flew out
that's the whole review decide for yourself
there are no buyers with you ilika slavutich
subscribe to the put put likes channel
Thank you all for your attention